Fix the formatting of Cyclone commands (#559)
ros-planning/moveit2_tutorials: doc/tutorials/getting_started/getting_started.rst

Switch to Cyclone DDS
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> As of Sep 26, 2022, the default ROS2 DDS has an issue. As a workaround, switch to Cyclone. (Note: this makes all nodes started using this RMW incompatible with any other nodes not using Cyclone DDS.) ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Sep 26, 2022, the default ROS 2 middleware (RMW) implementation has an issue. As a workaround, switch to Cyclone DDS. (Note: this makes all nodes started using this RMW incompatible with any other nodes not using Cyclone DDS.) ::
```
